
               mutter - command line configuration for Murmur
            (C) 2009-2010 MumbleDog - http://www.mumbledog.com/
                   Released under a new-style BSD license.

What it does:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The plan is to have this eventually built static, so that users with very
little needs can trivially administrate a Murmur over Ice from the command
line. It's not intended to replace a full web-admin tool - if your needs are
that great just man-up and install one.

How to Build:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It needs Ice, and a Murmur.ice file from your Murmur src tree. I didn't
include one, because there are checksums now, so you'll want one that
matches your Murmur's slice. Copy Murmur.ice into the build directory, and
type make.

It works with BSD make, untested with gmake right now. Some paths may be
wrong, edit them as necessary. It's set up for FreeBSD ports locations of
Ice and other libs and whatnot.

How it works:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It defaults to connecting to localhost on port 6502. You can change this
with the -h and -p parameters - anything Ice will accept can go here - it
naively copies these parameters into a string and hands it off to
stringToProxy(), so some care is waranted.

-C is used to view and set configuration directives (getConf):

%./mutter -h 127.0.0.1 -p 6502 -C registerurl
registerurl=http://www.example.com

-V is used to set the value of a configuration directive (setConf), and it
requires -C:

%./mutter -h 127.0.0.1 -p 6502 -C registerurl -V http://www.mumble.info
registerurl=http://www.mumble.info

-s sets the server ID. It defaults to 1, and if you aren't virtualhosting
Murmurs, then you probably won't ever need it. It takes a numeric ID.

-L lists available servers. It doesn't require any arguments, or any of the
other arguments. If you're virtualhosting, you can use it to find out the ID
of the server you're looking for.

-S starts the specified virtual server, specify with -s. Will throw an
exception if the server's already running (TODO?). Defaults to sid 1.

-T stops the specified virtual server, specify with -s. Will throw an
exception if the server's not running (TODO?). Defaults to sid 1.

-U specifies a username for a given operation, it does nothing by itself.

-P changes a given user's password. Requires -U, and can use -s for the
server ID, but will assume #1. Reads password from stdin:

%echo 'password' | ./mutter -U Superuser -P
Changing password for: SuperUser... done!

You can just run it and enter the password without having it on your command
line, simply enter the password then hit enter, and the program will exit.
No need to ctrl+d or whatever.

Where to report bugs:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I'm usually on #mumble on freenode as fwaggle. You could start there.

Note that some of it may not be bugs - this isn't intended to do anything
other than naively send messages across Ice. Check you're handing the right
value to Ice first.

It should be noted this project is also a learning experience for myself,
for C++, Ice, and Murmur in general. I don't *need* it, we're a commercial
Murmur host with our own web-based front end, it's just a fun project and if
others find it useful, that's great.

It's probably full of bugs and C-isms - I can't seem to let go of printf()
et al, as but one shining example. I try to squelch warnings whenever I can,
it should build clean... but that doesn't mean there isn't other dumb stuff.
